In this lesson, we learned how Kafka Connect can help save us
time and effort in integrating Kafka into existing workflows.
Whether you have a Postgres database,
data and a key-value store like S3 or simply log files on disk,
Kafka Connect can help get data into and out of Kafka.
Next, we saw how REST Proxy can allow us to integrate
any application capable of HTTP with Kafka.
Rest Proxy provides an HTTP interface for fetching broker details and metadata,
in addition to producing and consuming to Kafka itself.
In the upcoming lessons,
we're going to see how we can combine
the streaming data ingestion skills we've just learned in the previous lessons,
to build stream processing applications.